Add documentation for cpr::Multipart (#22)
libcpr/docs: introduction.md

Notice how the `"Content-Type"` in the return header is different now; it's `"multipart/form-data"` as opposed to `"x-www-form-urlencoded"`. This facilitates larger and more generic data uploads with POST.

Uploading a file using `Muitipart` sets the uploaded `"filename"` to it's path name by default. 

> However, you could use overided `"filename"` for uploading a file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change this, you can override the `"filename"` for the uploaded file:
```

{% raw %}
```c++
// The uploaded filename is the filename of "path-to-file"
cpr::Response r = cpr::Post(cpr::Url{"http://www.httpbin.org/post"},

>                    cpr::Multipart{{"part-name", cpr::File{"path-to-file"}}});

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  cpr::Multipart{{"part-name", cpr::File{"path-to-file"}}});
```

> // The uploaded filename is "new-filename"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The uploaded file name will be set to "new-file-name"
```

cpr::Response r = cpr::Post(cpr::Url{"http://www.httpbin.org/post"},

>                    cpr::Multipart{{"part-name", "new-filename", cpr::File{"path-to-file"}}});

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  cpr::Multipart{{"part-name", "new-file-name", cpr::File{"path-to-file"}}});
```
